functions/scraping-events/README.md, before:

# Function: Scraping Events

This subproject runs on python and uses [uv](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/) for project management.

## Development Tools

Run `./dev-setup.sh` to get things set up for local development.
From there, you can activate the project's python virtual environment (AKA `venv`) and run `main_dev.py`.

For pre-defined tasks, such as linting, we use [poethepoet](https://poethepoet.natn.io/).
You can install with `uv`:
```bash
uv tool install poethepoet
```
You can then use the `poe` CLI tool:
```bash
poe --help  # see defined tasks
poe lint  # run the task named `lint`
```

### Playwright

[Playwright](https://playwright.dev/python/) is used to interact with websites.
Please refer to the official docs for help.

When this process is run with environment variable `DEBUG=1`, the browser is launched with `headless=False`.
In addition, a recording (AKA `trace`) of the browser interactions is saved to the `traces/` directory.
You can open the trace file in Playwright's trace viewer using the Playwright CLI:
```bash
uv run playwright show-trace traces/trace-filename.zip
# or if your virtual environment is already active in your current shell:
playwright show-trace traces/trace-filename.zip
```

Commit message:

add section in README about docker

functions/scraping-events/README.md, after:

# Function: Scraping Events

This subproject runs on python and uses [uv](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/) for project management.

## Development Tools

Run `./dev-setup.sh` to get things set up for local development.
From there, you can activate the project's python virtual environment (AKA `venv`) and run `main_dev.py`.

For pre-defined tasks, such as linting, we use [poethepoet](https://poethepoet.natn.io/).
You can install with `uv`:
```bash
uv tool install poethepoet
```
You can then use the `poe` CLI tool:
```bash
poe --help  # see defined tasks
poe lint  # run the task named `lint`
```

## Playwright

[Playwright](https://playwright.dev/python/) is used to interact with websites.
Please refer to the official docs for help.

When this process is run with environment variable `DEBUG=1`, the browser is launched with `headless=False`.
In addition, a recording (AKA `trace`) of the browser interactions is saved to the `traces/` directory.
You can open the trace file in Playwright's trace viewer using the Playwright CLI:
```bash
uv run playwright show-trace traces/trace-filename.zip
# or if your virtual environment is already active in your current shell:
playwright show-trace traces/trace-filename.zip
```

## Running in Docker
1. Build and start docker container
    ```bash
    docker build -t scraping-events .
    docker run --rm -it --env-file .env -e PORT=8080 -p 8080:8080 scraping-events
    ```
2. Open http://localhost:8080/docs in your local web browser  
    (You may get a warning "localhost:8080 doesn’t support a secure connection with HTTPS")
3. Expand the collapsible section for `POST /scrape-events`, and click the `[Try it out]` button
4. Customize the value of the `url` field of the JSON payload
5. Click the `[Execute]` button
6. Observe logs in your docker container as the process runs
7. In the web UI, observe the content of the "Server response" section
